docs/policygenerator.md, before:

# About the PolicyGenerator plugin

See the [PolicyGenerator reference YAML](./policygenerator-reference.yaml) to see the full structure
of the PolicyGenerator manifest.

## The Kustomize exec plugin explained

The policy generator plugin is a binary written in Go. The binary accepts an input manifest of the
`PolicyGenerator` kind in the `policy.open-cluster-management.io/v1` API. When Kustomize finds a
manifest of that kind under the `generators:` array in `kustomization.yaml`, it looks in its
directories for a binary of the same name ("PolicyGenerator") in the
`policy.open-cluster-management.io/vi/policygenerator` directory and calls the binary as
`<path>/PolicyGenerator <cached-manifest>` to run the generator as its plugin. The flag
`--enable-alpha-plugins` must be specified in the Kustomize command in order for the external
generator plugin to be enabled.

## Placement

By default, a Placement and PlacementBinding are created for each policy with the policy name as the
suffix. To signal that you'd like to consolidate policies that use the same Placement under a single
PlacementBinding, either specify `placement.placementRulePath` to an existing Placement manifest or
set `placement.name` along with `placement.clusterSelectors`. When the PlacementBinding is
consolidated in this way, `placementBindingDefaults.name` must be specified so that the generator
can create unique names for the bindings.

## Policy expanders

Policy expanders provide logic to create additional policies based on a given kind to give a
complete picture of violations or status using Open Cluster Management policies. Generally, the
expanders point to kinds provided by policy engines such as [Kyverno](https://kyverno.io/) and
[Gatekeeper](https://open-policy-agent.github.io/gatekeeper/). These expanders are enabled by
default but can be disabled individually by setting the flag associated with the expander in the
`PolicyGenerator` manifest either in `policyDefaults` or for a particular manifest in the `policies`
array.

### Contributing a policy expander

To contribute a policy expander, you'll need to:

1. Add your expander to the `getExpanders()` method in
   [expanders.go](../internal/expanders/expanders.go) and familiarize yourself with the Interface
   there that you'll be implementing.
2. Add your expander file to the [internal/expanders/](../internal/expanders/) directory. You can
   follow the other files there as an example.
3. Choose a name for your boolean expander setting. (Existing names have followed the pattern
   `Inform<engine-name>Policies`.)
4. Add your expander setting to both the `PolicyDefaults` and the `PolicyConfig` structs in
   [types.go](../internal/types/types.go)
5. Add your expander setting to the `applyDefaults()` method in [plugin.go](../internal/plugin.go)
   to set defaults for both `PolicyDefaults` and `Policies`.
6. Update the [policygenerator-reference.yaml](./policygenerator-reference.yaml) with your expander
   setting.
7. Add tests for your expander to the [internal/expanders/](../internal/expanders/) directory.

## PolicyGenerator code structure

```
DIRECTORY TREE              PACKAGE                 DESCRIPTION
================================================================================================
.
├── cmd
│   └── main.go             main                    Parent binary (imports the internal package)
└── internal
    ├── expanders
    │   ├── expanders.go    expanders               Policy expander interface
    ├── types
    │   └── types.go        types                   Generator structs
    ├── patches.go          internal                Code to patch input manifests
    ├── plugin.go           internal                Primary generator methods
    ├── utils.go            internal                Helper/utility functions
```

Commit message:

Use the placement API (#3)
* Fix typo

Signed-off-by: Dale Haiducek <dhaiduce@redhat.com>

* Update reference YAML

Signed-off-by: Dale Haiducek <dhaiduce@redhat.com>

* Update docs

Signed-off-by: Dale Haiducek <dhaiduce@redhat.com>

* Add `placementPath` and `labelSelector` to config

These, along with additional logic, implements
the Placement kind for the generator (and also
defaults to the Placement kind when no placement
is given).

Signed-off-by: Dale Haiducek <dhaiduce@redhat.com>

* Update existing tests

Signed-off-by: Dale Haiducek <dhaiduce@redhat.com>

* Update `PlacementRule` references to `Placement`

Signed-off-by: Dale Haiducek <dhaiduce@redhat.com>

* Update examples to use `Placement`

Signed-off-by: Dale Haiducek <dhaiduce@redhat.com>

* Add tests for Placement

Signed-off-by: Dale Haiducek <dhaiduce@redhat.com>

docs/policygenerator.md, after:

# About the PolicyGenerator plugin

See the [PolicyGenerator reference YAML](./policygenerator-reference.yaml) to see the full structure
of the PolicyGenerator manifest.

## The Kustomize exec plugin explained

The policy generator plugin is a binary written in Go. The binary accepts an input manifest of the
`PolicyGenerator` kind in the `policy.open-cluster-management.io/v1` API. When Kustomize finds a
manifest of that kind under the `generators:` array in `kustomization.yaml`, it looks in its
directories for a binary of the same name ("PolicyGenerator") in the
`policy.open-cluster-management.io/vi/policygenerator` directory and calls the binary as
`<path>/PolicyGenerator <cached-manifest>` to run the generator as its plugin. The flag
`--enable-alpha-plugins` must be specified in the Kustomize command in order for the external
generator plugin to be enabled.

## Placement

By default, a Placement and PlacementBinding are created for each policy with the policy name as the
suffix. To signal that you'd like to consolidate policies that use the same Placement under a single
PlacementBinding, either specify `placement.placementPath` to an existing Placement manifest or set
`placement.name` along with `placement.labelSelector`. When the PlacementBinding is consolidated in
this way, `placementBindingDefaults.name` must be specified so that the generator can create unique
names for the bindings.

The Placement kind in the `cluster.open-cluster-management.io` API group is used by default if no
placement is given. However, you can use the PlacementRule kind in the
`apps.open-cluster-management.io` API group by specifying a PlacementRule manifest in
`placement.placementRulePath` or specifying labels in `placement.ClusterSelectors`.

## Policy expanders

Policy expanders provide logic to create additional policies based on a given kind to give a
complete picture of violations or status using Open Cluster Management policies. Generally, the
expanders point to kinds provided by policy engines such as [Kyverno](https://kyverno.io/) and
[Gatekeeper](https://open-policy-agent.github.io/gatekeeper/). These expanders are enabled by
default but can be disabled individually by setting the flag associated with the expander in the
`PolicyGenerator` manifest either in `policyDefaults` or for a particular manifest in the `policies`
array.

### Contributing a policy expander

To contribute a policy expander, you'll need to:

1. Add your expander to the `getExpanders()` method in
   [expanders.go](../internal/expanders/expanders.go) and familiarize yourself with the Interface
   there that you'll be implementing.
2. Add your expander file to the [internal/expanders/](../internal/expanders/) directory. You can
   follow the other files there as an example.
3. Choose a name for your boolean expander setting. (Existing names have followed the pattern
   `Inform<engine-name>Policies`.)
4. Add your expander setting to both the `PolicyDefaults` and the `PolicyConfig` structs in
   [types.go](../internal/types/types.go)
5. Add your expander setting to the `applyDefaults()` method in [plugin.go](../internal/plugin.go)
   to set defaults for both `PolicyDefaults` and `Policies`.
6. Update the [policygenerator-reference.yaml](./policygenerator-reference.yaml) with your expander
   setting.
7. Add tests for your expander to the [internal/expanders/](../internal/expanders/) directory.

## PolicyGenerator code structure

```
DIRECTORY TREE              PACKAGE                 DESCRIPTION
================================================================================================
.
├── cmd
│   └── main.go             main                    Parent binary (imports the internal package)
└── internal
    ├── expanders
    │   ├── expanders.go    expanders               Policy expander interface
    ├── types
    │   └── types.go        types                   Generator structs
    ├── patches.go          internal                Code to patch input manifests
    ├── plugin.go           internal                Primary generator methods
    ├── utils.go            internal                Helper/utility functions
```
